when it comes to hunting there aren't
many fishermen who can catch fish as
impressively as a giant otter and with
so many mouths to feed the family take
every available opportunity to go
fishing that's just as well as a fully
grown giant otter needs around 4 kilos
of fish a day and on this body of water
that means the most infamous fish of the
moor is at the top of the menu the
piranhas piranhas are really common on
the lake and Diablo and the others seem
to love them
it makes the question though how can he
teach his Cubs to take them on without
getting bitten by those razor-sharp
teeth
Charlie decides to try and see just how
aggressive the piranhas are by attaching
a chunk of meat to an underwater camera
[Music]
with the underwater camera wired to a
monitor on the boat Charlie can get an
otters eye view of the murky world
beneath him the piranhas acute sense of
smell helps them detect the meat almost
immediately what fascinates Charlie
though is how frenzied they are at
devouring it
in less than 30 seconds the meat is gone
the otter cups will have to move
lightning speed to catch their dinner
without being bitten it's a skill they
have to learn